---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-29T17:01:49.095Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-29T17:01:48.778Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-29-7fa423c1-3c51-473d-837f-1919fafa9164.md
published: true
url: 7fa423c1-3c51-473d-837f-1919fafa9164/index.html
_type: Article

---
## Overview

* **Scales To:** X subscribers
* **First month cost: **$130
* **Monthly Cost:** $60

## Suggested Services

* **Payments and member management:** Memberful - $25 per month
* **Content Management, Landing Page, Blog**: Wordpress - $10/month
* **Support and up-sell**: oLark - $22/month
* **Marketing: **Google AdWords - ? monthly
* **Domain: **name.com - cost depends on tld, .com usually around $12 yearly

## How To

The monthly crate shipment is a type of business that has gained much popularity in recent years, trunk club led the charge and now there are hundreds of these types of businesses. The most common use cases here is to choose a type of product which has a lot of choice, where your crate subscription is providing a way to sample the market in a controlled way. These types of customers will often unsubscribe once they find a favorite product in your market niche. The other main customer type will be people who are looking to find deals within the crates, the idea here is that you find partnerships to buy bulk items for a cheaper price, then pass some of the savings off to your subscribers. These customers are likely to stick around for longer, but it is a more business-intensive version of the product.

1. Set up website: 
  1. Get an account on Digital Ocean, set up a wordpress droplet in the $10/month variety
    1. Purchase a theme - this should reflect the brand that you are trying to set up, make sure the theme looks like it belongs in the industry you're targeting. Expect to spend around $50 here. 
  2. Copywriting - focus most of your effort on the "Landing" page, that is to say the page that everyone sees when they make it to your site. This page is in charge of  convincing people to sign up for your service. Do a google search for landing pages of other companies in your market and make it similar to what they have. Remember, the goal here is to prove that people want the products you're offering before spending too much time or money, if there are other companies being successful in the market, they are probably on to something.
  3. Pricing - pricing this type of service can be tricky, the obvious goal is to not lose money on the crates that you send out. A good rule of thumb: it is easier to lower your price than to raise it.
  4. Install oLark onto your webiste, this will allow you to reach out to potential customers on your site, as well as allow them to ask you questions about the product.
2. Set up memberful:
  1. **Sign up for a memberful account**
  2. Choose the "I am using wordpress" option
  3. Install the WP Memberful plugin 
  4. Paste the code provided by memberful into your wordpress admin panel configuration page for the memberful plugin
  5. You'll need to add  a link to allow users to sign up and pay you, follow the information in [the memberful documentation.][0] Ideally, this will be a big bright button on your homepage.
  6. Read through the memberful documentation items to help you get a sense for all the different features you have available to you. 
3. Marketing and advertising:
  1. Create a Google Adwords campaign to target people in your market. Ideally the content of your ads would catch people who are not necessarily looking for subscription services, but who are looking to buy specific products that you are offering in a subscription format.
  2. Spend time on social media and anywhere your customers hang out. Don't just create accounts to rep your product, interact with the people in the community and bring it up if it comes up naturally in the interaction - if you already have a rapport with the person, they are far more likely to purchase from you, if you just drop your product on them it will feel like an overly aggressive sales pitch.
  3. Write blog posts that will be of interest to your target market - bonus points for having it be stuff that your customers will be searching for on google. That will greatly increase the likelyhood of organic search traffic. An example here would be for a company selling a subscription of As Seen on TV products to blog about life hacks.

## When to move forward

After you have been operating for a while, sending out shipments of your products on a regular basis, and have been doing online advertising; divide the number of new customers you get each month by the amount you spend on marketing (this is your price per customer acquisition). That number should be smaller than the amount of money you make on each customer (you can figure this out by multiplying your monthly profit per customer by the average subscription length, this is your customer lifetime value). If your price per customer is less than your customer lifetime value, you're in business! Come talk to RokkinCat and we can discuss places where custom technology can improve sales, or drive down operational costs. 

[0]: https://memberful.com/help/integrate/services/wordpress/add-buy-link/